[OSDOCS#17012]: CQA bare metal ipi install cluster 3 (#117634)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_bare_metal/ipi/ipi-install-installing-a-cluster.adoc

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> You can install a cluster after setting up the environment for an Openshift installation. Ensure you have completed the prerequisites before installing a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install a cluster after setting up the environment for an {product-title} installation. Ensure you have completed the prerequisites before installing a cluster.
```
